Add blog post 3.1-3.3 🎄 (#4255)
transloadit/uppy: website/src/_posts/2022-12-3.3.md

---
title: "🎄 Uppy 3.1—3.3: Improved AWS S3 Multipart, Single File Mode" 
date: 2022-12-23
author: 
  - aduh95
  - arturi
  - murderlon
  - mifi
image: "https://uppy.io/images/blog/3.1-3.3/single-file-mode.jpg"
published: true
---

> Three minor releases ago we’ve released Uppy 3.0. It’s time to give you an update on what we’ve been working on all this time.

Reviewer: I was kind of expecting a more festive, perhaps goofy start to the blog post.

Author: @AJvanLoon could you help us with this please?

> TL;DR: AWS S3 Multipart stability improvements, Single File Mode, more tests and bugfixes, new locales.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In short, AWS S3 Multipart has become more stable on slow connections, Single File Mode for the Dashboard has arrived, and many other things.
```

Author: If we list two things, “and many other things” doesn't sound that good to me.

> ## AWS S3 Multipart: improved performance on slow connections

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Safer AWS S3 Multipart uploads on slow connections
```

> We’ve been doing a lot of tests to find out why some uploads with `@uppy/aws-s3-multipart` plugin failed. It turned out, simultaneously signing and uploading many chunks at once saturated the HTTP/1.1 connection limit, which lead to signatures expiring by the time Uppy started uploading the next chunk.
> 
> We’ve refactored our internal queue mechanism to sign chunks right before we start uploading them to the remote server. When the upload is paused, the queue is emptied and re-populated again on resume. The default `limit` for this plugin has been set to `6`. See [PR #4187](https://github.com/transloadit/uppy/pull/4187) for more details.
> 
> To improve things even further, the default S3 expiry has been lifted from `300` to `800` seconds ([PR #4206](https://github.com/transloadit/uppy/pull/4206)).
> 
> @uppy/aws-s3-multipart: handle slow connections better (Antoine du Hamel / #4213)

Reviewer: - "uploads failed" is a bit generic and doesn't put the plugin in a good spotlight
- some context is missing
- "improve things even further" and then talk about simply upping the expiry might sounds like a 'hack and slash' solution to people if we don't provide context
- I don't think it's necessary to link PRs

```suggestion
`@uppy/aws-s3-multipart` has been serving well for people who prefer a _client-to_s3_ setup with Uppy. However, some uploads could still fail in poor network conditions. Since uploads to S3 always use a HTTP/1.1 connection, which means there is a limit to concurrent connections, we found out that it was possible for an upload to expire on poor connections before it was fully uploaded.

We have have now redone our [rate limiting](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rate_limiting) specifically for this plugin to make sure no more connections are created than it can handle in poor conditions.
```

## Single File Mode

> Often times people only want to upload a single file (most commonly an image) via Uppy. But the Dashboard UI is tailored to handling many files at once, and it used to display the single image as a small, sad-looking block in the corner. This ends now! (Actually, it ended a few releases ago, figure of speech).

Reviewer: This one is nice

> <img src="/images/blog/3.1-3.3/single-file-mode.jpg" class="border" />

Reviewer: nit: can we make a screenshot with the dashboard which contains a xmas related picture?

With only one file selected, we’ll display it large and centered, and make sure to re-generate the image preview so it’s `600px` wide, looking nice and sleek on modern displays.

See [PR #4188](https://github.com/transloadit/uppy/pull/4188) for more screenshots.

## Bug fixes and Upgrades

We’ve upgraded Typescript to 4.8 and Jest 29, among other tools and packages.

We are now testing that Uppy packages are correctly bundled with Vite and Webpack, ESBuild (Antoine du Hamel / #4208).

Notable bug fixes:

* @uppy/xhr-upload: queue requests for socket token for remote files (Daniel Jones / #4123)
* @uppy/core: do not crash if a file is removed before the upload starts (Antoine du Hamel / #4148)
  @uppy/golden-retriever: Fix retry upload with Golden Retriever (Merlijn Vos / #4155)
* @uppy/aws-s3,@uppy/xhr-upload: fix Cannot mark a queued request as done in MiniXHRUpload (Antoine du Hamel / #4151)
* @uppy/webcam: Set default videoConstraints (Artur Paikin / #4070)

> * @uppy/image-editor: image-editor: fix controls in small Dashboard (Livia Medeiros / #4113)

Reviewer: We should rewrite these to not be copy paste list of commits, which are hard to grasp from only a title, and turn it into well written sentences with context. I don't think we need links to PRs, it should be understandable from just reading it

See full list in the [changelog](https://github.com/transloadit/uppy/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md).

## Companion

> And of course, we are not forgetting Companion:

Reviewer: nit: could use a cuter, xmas related intro

> * @uppy/companion: Companion throttle progress by time (Mikael Finstad / #4101)
> 
> * @uppy/companion: add workaround for S3 accelerated endpoints (Mikael Finstad / #4140)
> 
> * @uppy/companion: send expire info for non-multipart uploads (Antoine du Hamel / #4214)
>   @uppy/companion: send expiry time along side S3 signed requests (Antoine du Hamel / #4202)
>   @uppy/companion-client: add support for AbortSignal (Antoine du Hamel / #4201)
>   @uppy/companion-client: prevent preflight race condition (Mikael Finstad / #4182)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* @uppy/companion: Companion throttle progress by time (Mikael Finstad / #4101)
* @uppy/companion: add workaround for S3 accelerated endpoints (Mikael Finstad / #4140)
* @uppy/companion: send expire info for non-multipart uploads (Antoine du Hamel / #4214)
* @uppy/companion: send expiry time along side S3 signed requests (Antoine du Hamel / #4202)
* @uppy/companion: change default S3 expiry from 300 to 800 seconds (Merlijn Vos / #4206)
* @uppy/companion-client: add support for AbortSignal (Antoine du Hamel / #4201)
* @uppy/companion-client: prevent preflight race condition (Mikael Finstad / #4182)
```
